ENG-19266: Adds new modules for multinode PyTorch RDMA (#727)
opendatahub-io/opendatahub-documentation: modules/enabling-multi-node-pytorch-training-jobs-with-rdma.adoc

endif::[]

ifdef::upstream[]
** Configured the distributed training resources, as described in link:{odhdocshome}/managing-odh/#managing_distributed_workloads[Managing distributed workloads].
endif::[]
ifndef::upstream[]
** Configured the distributed training resources, as described in link:{rhoaidocshome}{default-format-url}/managing_openshift_ai/managing-distributed-workloads_managing-rhoai[Managing distributed workloads].
endif::[]

ifdef::upstream[]
** Configured the cluster for RDMA, as described in link:{odhdocshome}/managing-odh/#configuring-a-cluster-for-rdma_managing-odh[Configuring a cluster for RDMA].
endif::[]
ifndef::upstream[]
** Configured the cluster for RDMA, as described in link:{rhoaidocshome}{default-format-url}/managing_openshift_ai/managing-distributed-workloads_managing-rhoai#configuring-a-cluster-for-rdma_managing-rhoai[Configuring a cluster for RDMA].
endif::[]

.Procedure
. Log in to the OpenShift Console.

> . Find the PyTorch job that you want to edit, as follows:

Reviewer: This should be updated in a few places in the doc
```suggestion
. Find the PyTorchJob that you want to edit, as follows:
```

Author: Updated, thank you!

> .. In the *Administrator* perspective, click *Workloads -> Jobs*.

Reviewer: PyTorchJobs won't be found here. They will be found by going to home -> search -> Resources -> PyTorchJob. 
I am also unsure as to why we are editing an existing PyTorchJob rather than adding a new one to the cluster?

Author: Updated, thank you!
